family members working hand in hand to
survive another
[Music]
day the entire population of Gaza no
longer has enough water Anis Al Jamal is
pregnant and has been diagnosed with an
autoimmune disease she needs to rest but
instead has to go out every day to find
water the water scarcity is severely
affecting me because I'm supposed to
rest and avoid any strenuous physical
activity we've been trying to find ways
to bring water with the help of others
we're really struggling everything is
challenging and difficult the Israeli
military is systematically bombing water
wells and
pipelines the Jamal family lives in B
lahia in the north that's suffering one
of the worst
shortages they bombed and destroyed all
the wells even when there's a truck
transporting water and people line up to
get some they bomb the civilians and the
truck many Palestinians have been killed
trying to get
water despite all they've been forced to
endure every member of the Jamal family
is helping ration the water they
have we prioritize washing clothes the
water we used for laundry is not
disposed instead we use it for the
toilets dishwashing is another area
where we struggle we hope this suffering
will end
soon Israel continues to control
restrict people's access to water in
Gaza but the United Nations has warned
if this continues the consequences could
soon become fatal Julie dger Al
jazer make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer